Identify a peer review that is conducted even when a complete source code review is not done.
A. Walkthroughs.
B. Pair Programming
C. Code review
D. Deskchecks
ANSWER: D
 
Name the process that improves the organization  to maintain the piece of software by atelast two persons.
A. Walkthroughs.
B. Pair Programming
C. Final Inspection
D. Static Binding
ANSWER: B
 
Infer the source code review methods sequence of operation.
A. Deskchecks->Walkthroughs->Code review->Final Inspection.
B. Walkthrough->Deskchecks->Inspection->Code review.
C. Inspection->Code review->Deskchecks->Walkthrough
D. Code review->inspection->Deskcheks->Walkthrough
ANSWER: A
 
Forces external to an object to which that object react.Identify
A. Objects
B. Methods
C. Attributes
D. Events
ANSWER: D
 
Choose the special method used to create new instances of a class.
A. Constructor
B. Inheritance
C. Polymorphism 
D. Abstraction
ANSWER: A
 
Interpret the advantages of Automatic code generation over traditional coding.
A. High Quality
B. Consistent
C. Coding Abstractly
D. All the above
ANSWER: D
 
Select the correct integrated system of two or more application to provide extended functoionality.
A. Application Frameworks
B. Application System Integration 
C. Architectural Patterns
D. Aspect-oriented software development.
ANSWER: B
 
Analyze the benefits of Software reuse
A. Accelerated Development
B. Increased dependability
C. Both(A)&(B)
D. only B
ANSWER: C
 
Identify the system that encapsulates and configure  the functionality of business and rules for an organization.
A. ERP systems
B. Program libraries
C. Service-oriented systems
D. Systems of systems
ANSWER: A
 
A system that embeds application knowledge and generate  systems from a user-supplied system model.Interpret
A. Legacy system wrapping
B. Configurable application systems
C. Model-driven engineering
D. Program generators
ANSWER: D
 
Simultaneous work can be done on the model, views and controller by multiple developers .Identify
A. Middleware integration frameworks
B. Enterprise application frameworks
C. Model View Controller
D. System Infrastructure frameworks
ANSWER: C
 
Choose an accepted version of a software configuration item . The accepted item can be changed only through the series of process. 
A. Software Configuration Management Plan
B. Baseline
C. Deployment-time configuration 
D. Product line architecture 
ANSWER: B
 

